Add warnings for Cloud tasks requiring redeploy and misc edits (#6766)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/cloud/backup-db.md

   ```

> -  We recommend setting the application in maintenance mode before doing a database dump in Production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
-  We recommend putting the application into maintenance mode before doing a database dump in a Production environments.
```

> -  We recommend setting the application in maintenance mode before doing a database dump in Production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
```

command now automatically puts app in maintenance mode.
